Fix easy calm coming at you today with
yet another disassembled looks like
today we're going to be working on an
Apple iPad 2 as always before we get
started with our repair let's review our
suggested tools plastic triangle opening
tools small Phillips screwdriver
plastic opening tools a spudger a heat
gun or a blow dryer we're going to show
you how to change a series of parts out
of the iPad before doing so we need to
show you how to peel back our front
touch screen about two inches from the
bottom on the left hand side of the unit
we need to recognize that our ribbon
cable for that front touch screen is in
this general location and just to the
right of the home button is where our
Wi-Fi antenna is adhered to the bottom
side of the touchscreen so when we peel
back our front touch screen let's be
mindful of these two pieces as to not
cause irreversible damage time to begin
our entry into the iPad let's first
start with our heat gun or blow dryer
and begin to soften up the adhesive
around the perimeter about one to two
minutes of the heat should suffice our
triangle opening tools let's bring in
our plastic opening tool and you'll also
notice in this video that we use a
simple razor blade we found that the
razor blade is the easiest way to start
the separation of the touch screen from
the iPad bezel which your separation
started with the razor blade we can then
bring in our plastic opening tool to
continue the separation all the way
around the perimeter of the iPad as we
work the opening on one side you'll
notice we fit a triangle opening tool
into the gap this is to keep the
adhesive from coming back in touch with
itself as we work ourselves all the way
around the unit
notice as we go from each side again
another triangle tool goes into place
you'll notice in our video we used our
spudger to continue peeling the Wi-Fi
antenna off the bottom side of the
touchscreen before completely opening up
the unit when we finally did crack the
unit open we peeled the touchscreen back
as if it was a book to make sure we
didn't put too much tension on its
ribbon wire and caused damage to it
notice the LCD and how it's mounted with
four Phillips screws let's now take our
small phillips screwdriver and remove
these screws so that we can free the LCD
for removal
prying up lightly with our plastic
opening tool and peeling out the LCD we
can lay it now on top of our touchscreen
so that we can disconnect the cable from
the motherboard our our LCD cable has a
locking socket it's a metal style lever
that needs to be flipped up in a
90-degree fashion with the lock released
we can now remove the ribbon cable and
lift the LCD completely from the iPad
let's bring our attention now to the
touchscreen connections we have two
locking sockets we need to flip the tabs
on and release and then we can remove
the ribbon cable and remove the
touchscreen completely from the iPad
let's work on removing the Wi-Fi antenna
from our iPad we first have to remove
the dock port assembly by disconnecting
it's single plug and removing the two
Phillips screws that secure it into
place
our Wi-Fi antenna is secured with four
Phillips screws let's go ahead and
remove those you'll notice that the plug
for the Wi-Fi antenna is hooked to the
bottom side of our motherboard which we
need to remove to fully disconnect and
remove the Wi-Fi we have two cables that
need to be addressed the first being the
plug connection for the speaker assembly
and then we have a locking ribbon cable
over on the other side of the
motherboard for the headphone jack
assembly
a total of 5 Phillips screws secure the
motherboard into the iPad 2 on either
side of the board and then a single one
at the battery connection let's go ahead
and remove those you can use a plastic
opening tool or a spudger to lift the
motherboard out of the body with the
motherboard removed you're going to
notice the Wi-Fi antenna is still
connected to it simply unplug it's
single connection and remove it for
replacement all of the parts and tools
you've seen today in this video are
available at WWF it's easy calm don't
forget to subscribe to our youtube
channel like us on Facebook and follow
us on Twitter